Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
No, I feel sad sometimes...
but I don't feel depressed.
I'm not lonely either.
I think I'm doing quite well.
- You can speak comfortably.
- I'm comfortable.
You don't have to worry about what
others will think if they heard you.
You must be honest here.
I'm being honest.
The thing is...
I want to die.
If I die, I don't
have to live any longer.
What's the use of living?
Hold on.
Yes, Gapyeong Garden.
Yes, a reservation? Yes.
A group of 32 people?
You'd like marinated duck?
Yes. Yes, I got it...
We'll give you the blankets,
but you must bring the hwatu cards.
Yes, thank you very much.
Where did we leave off?
- You said you want to die.
- Yes.
I really want to die.
Yes, Gapyeong Garden.
[Gapyeong Garden]
I'm sorry. I get a lot of
reservation calls on the weekends.
I own a restaurant.
Here you go. Here you go.
Attention! Attention!
Hold your glasses up!
With World Pharmaceuticals,
which is spreading across the world
this is for our chief, who made time for
us on the weekend for our team's unity!
- Cheers!
- We worked hard!
We worked hard!
- Excuse me!
- Yes?
Please get us a few more beers and soju!
Yes!
- Thank you.
We were conned,
and our rent increased a lot.
We couldn't save much money.
My husband worked very hard
by himself all these years.
Women feel happy even if the man
stays by her side without doing anything.
But the truth is, I feel uneasy
when I'm with my husband.
He has a difficult personality
and even when he says something right
he knows how to make
the listener feel bad.
- Be careful.
- I'm fine.
Let's go.
It's 650,000 won.
- The drinks are on us.
- Thank you.
Charge me 1 million won,
and give me 300,000 won in cash.
You can keep 50,000 won.
- This is a company card.
- It is.
You can't do that with a company card.
There's nothing we can't do in Korea.
I won't accept your company card.
You sure run your business
in a strange way.
Hurry up and charge it.
I already said I won't take it!
Where did you learn your manners?
What? You must be crazy!
Hey, bring your boss out.
I want to talk to your boss!
I'm right here.
What are you going to do, huh?
What's wrong? Please stop.
He's playing tricks
with his company card!
This is why our country can't reunite!
- Please stop.
- Is that why we can't reunite?
Pay me in cash!
I'm paying with my card
because I don't have cash!
Where's your boss? What's his number?
I probably said this the most
while living with him.
Please stop. Please stop, Honey.
Please stop.
You always tell me to stop, this woman.
And when I do, he gets mad.
He makes me feel bad.
Do you want to die
because of your husband?
No. It's definitely not like that.
I don't need any of this! Call your boss!
Is this sightseeing?
People don't go sightseeing like this!
- Do you think you did a good job?
- Gosh.
I should just die.
Then why do you want to die?
Everything is pretty.
The mountains are pretty,
and the trees are pretty.
The sky is pretty too.
I feel like I'm the only one
who's not living a pretty life.
[Don't cry, or a snake will come out.]
Don't go!
Who are you? You...
- You know her, don't you?
- Huh?
If you speak Japanese, I'll kill you!
You locked us up
at the airport on the first day!
You made us run a marathon today!
We're here to have fun,
not for national training!
I'm sorry. We're late for lunch.
In France, they're strict about
reservations, so we could miss lunch.
- Then we should have met up earlier!
- Mister!
- Can't you speak quietly?
- Big Sis, don't butt into this!
- Wait.
- You're too noisy!
I have a reason to be noisy!
Did we come here for this?
- Wait!
- Sir, I think...
- Why are you butting in?
- I told you to be quiet!
I think we forgot someone.
Pardon?
- Take a break!
- Shut up!
Hey!
Geez, good going, Big Sis Guide.
You'll be on the news!
Excuse me, shouldn't we turn around?
Why don't you call him first?
He must be startled
that he was left behind.
I'm sorry. I'll try calling him.
- Yes, this is San Ma Ru!
- Hey, you punk!
Why haven't you sent me the file yet?
There's an urgent matter!
What's more urgent than your work?
I'm sorry! I'll send it right away!
The number you've called is busy,
so after the beep...
Hey!
Pardon? What did you say?
Your vacation request hasn't been
approved. You're absent without notice.
- Damn it.
- "Damn it"?
- This bastard!
- I didn't say that to you!
Are you crazy?
I have a reason! Wait! Wait!
The number you've called is busy,
so after the beep...
His line is busy.
The restaurant is nearby
so you can eat while I bring him back.
Will that be okay? You said France
doesn't feed us if we're late.
It's okay. In France,
there's a saying, "ça dépend."
For example, if you go somewhere
and they refuse to serve you
there are times when the place
next door will do it for you.
The result is different depending on
the person and situation. "Ça dépend."
Repeat after me, "ça dépend."
- Ça dépend.
- Yes.
That's nonsense.
You said we couldn't be late,
but now we can be.
- It's not consistent!
- I wish you'd stop.
Be quiet.
- Have one.
- No, that's okay.
If you're down, sad, or angry
eat something sweet and close
your eyes. You'll feel much better.
Have one.
Why are you eating sweets?
You'll lose your appetite.
Spit it out!
Thank you.
I mean, thank you.
- Hello, San Ma Ru?
- Yes, I missed the bus.
- I know. Why was your line busy?
- There was an urgent matter.
- What's more urgent than this?
- By the way
is that person good at fighting?
Why? Is he still chasing you?
Don't fight him.
He's a really good fighter.
- I've fought too.
- He was a professional boxer.
Pardon?
Where are you?
You wouldn't know if I told you.
Parking lot!
First, get cab and let me talk to
the driver. I'll tell him the directions.
- Are you a Miss or Mrs.?
- Pardon?
I own a restaurant, and this is
our most famous side dish.
I see. You don't have to. You carried
this all the way here. You should eat it.
That's okay. We ate some already.
It's marinated duck.
It's good for your skin and
circulation. It's very healthy.
- You can cook duck this way?
- I don't know if you'll like it.
It's noisy because
of my husband, isn't it?
Geez, not at all.
Yes, it's pretty noisy.
- Hey.
- What?
I'm sorry, but he doesn't have
the right to yell because he's older.
He was always like this,
but he's been worse these days.
I'm sorry. I'll make him be more careful.
Please eat your food.
- Yes, thank you.
- No problem.
I wouldn't be able to live with him.
Hey, middle-aged men are like that.
That lady has depression.
She looks sad when she smiles.
It must be because of her husband.
I feel bad for her.
Can I eat this? Will it smell?
- I can't eat duck.
- But I like it.
What is it? Is something wrong?
Please have this and cheer up.
It's good for your skin and digestion.
It's the best health food.
Geez, this is so precious.
I was wondering
how you had such nice skin.
Gosh, your skin is better.
Are you unmarried?
- Take a guess.
- He's a father who pretends to be.
He's a cheater.
Yes, thank you.
Why aren't you eating?
People talk about French food,
but there's nothing to eat.
- It doesn't taste good.
- Are you sick?
Why did you give them food?
That young punk is rude.
And what's their relationship?
Please stop. They'll hear you.
He's here.
You must be thirsty. Have some water.
Enjoy your food.
Enjoy your food. Enjoy your food.
We already finished!
Did you enjoy your food? Did you
enjoy your food? Did you enjoy your food?
Auvers-sur-Oise is a small village
where the grave of the great painter
Vincent van Gogh is located.
Van Gogh's Portrait of Dr. Gachet
- is worth 58 billion won.
- That much?
The truth is, he was only able to sell
one painting while he was alive.
He was a poor painter.
He was only acknowledged after he died.
I wonder what it means
to be remembered after death.
I know there's no use
but I feel greedy.
I want my funeral photo to be beautiful.
I don't want it to be
the generic from the photo studio.
Honey.
Take a picture of me.
Take it from my waist up.
"That person must have
lived a beautiful life."
A picture that will
make people think that way.
A lot of packages don't include
Auvers-sur-Oise because it's not as fun
- but I make sure to include it.
- Then why are we going?
Then why are we going?
It will be a great time for meditation.
These are diaries.
I'll give them to you as gifts.
- Give me one more.
- Hey, stop it.
- Thank you.
- Yes, here you go.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
We have to drive for another hour,
so let's get some rest.
Yes!
The people who were
at Montmartre are splitting up.
Rouen, Auvers-sur-Oise
Mont Saint-Michel.
Where did she go?
It's the most famous site
within the French Alps.
- Read this.
- What is this?
Mont Blanc?
Look here.
I'm not looking down on you right now
but if you're here to find someone,
shouldn't you pronounce words clearly?
It's not Mont Blanc, but Mont Blanc.
Mont Blanc.
Read this.
Mont Saint-Michel.
Repeat after me.
Roll your tongue. Mont Saint-Michel.
I got it. Mont Saint-Michel.
Is that where So So went?
- I'm not saying that.
- Geez, seriously!
You shouldn't treat
a fellow Korean that way.
I don't care! My family was ripped apart
and I went to jail because of her!
So So is my employee and family member.
If you come here
and scare me and threaten me
do you think I'll tell you where she is?
In my life, I've also been beaten
around, did you know that?
Get out of here!
Why are you shaking, Boss?
Where is So So?
Repeat after me. Mont Saint-Michel.
Are you messing with me?
This is Église Notre-Dame d'Auvers.
Van Gogh painted this church.
If you go inside, you'll see a notebook.
They say if you write your wish,
it'll come true.
Please write down a wish
on our way back down.
No one loved or acknowledged Van Gogh.
No woman loved him either.
No one even bought any of his paintings.
Van Gogh was very lonely until he died.
That was his life.
How nice would it be to die?
I wouldn't be lonely, or scared.
He's a world famous painter,
but his grave is shabby.
You can see Van Gogh's
painting over there
so take a walk and gather
at the bus in one hour.
We don't need an hour.
They're not our ancestors.
Yes, Chief. I'm almost done.
I just need to finish it off.
Yes, I just need five minutes.
The time will fly by.
Let's meet in one hour.
Yes, Chief.
No.
How nice.
Bury me like this when I die.
What are you saying?
Why are you saying that at your age?
- Let's go down.
- In a little bit.
Let's go down. This is
a same-old graveyard.
- Go ahead.
- Let's go.
- Why are you being like that?
- You're so stubborn.
Hurry up.
- Don't film other people.
- Give it back.
- What are you filming?
- I said, give it back!
You filmed me in the bath, didn't you?
Give it back, please.
If you do that again, I'll kill you.
Let's respect each other's privacy.
Where are you going?
I'm going to stay here for a bit.
Don't you want to see more?
You like Van Gogh.
I like his paintings, not his grave.
Geez, you went on
about his life and death.
His life and death were both impactful.
It's really cold out.
- Cross your arms.
- Okay.
I told you... I didn't tell him
you went there.
- Of course not.
- But he's very mannerly.
I think he was raised well.
I'm an ex-convict.
- Live nicely.
- I almost killed someone.
Live as a nice human being.
Help me.
I'm helping you by not reporting you
to the police. Get out of here.
Please help me, Boss.
I really need to find her.
Geez, why are you doing this to me?
I came here because I hated her
so much I wanted to kill her...
but if I don't find her, I might die.
I need to know
if she's smiling or crying.
I should see that before I go.
He seems very sensible.
- I got it. I'm hanging up.
- So So.
With family... even if you run away...
you're not running away.
And that's why family...
is stronger than anything.
I don't have a family.
It's not fair that
my vacation was canceled.
I'm already here, so you shouldn't
call it absence without notice.
Do you hate working here?
- No.
- Then what should you do?
- A good job.
- What does that mean?
It means I should listen well
and do as I'm told
- with reference.
- Then why aren't you doing that?
I won't call you again. Come to work
tomorrow, while I ask nicely.
What? What did I do wrong?
Fine, do what you want!
Hello.
This is that place.
Barley Field with Crows.
Wheatfield with Crows.
Yes. Barley Field with Crows.
I'm sorry about earlier.
I didn't know you missed the bus.
I apologize.
No, that's okay.
Take a look around and come back.
We'll wait even if you're late.
Wait, when that man fell...
Please don't talk about him.
I'm sorry. I don't want
to listen or know.
Sure, let's go.
Did he fall down?
Yes.
Did he get hurt?
His leg seemed hurt.
- A lot?
- Just a little bit.
- Was he bleeding?
- No.
I've screamed here many times.
Yes, this is nice for screaming.
There's no one around.
At times, I wish people were around.
I want them to ask me
if something is okay.
- Anyone?
- Anyone.
They say people who come alone
are sad because they're alone.
Haven't you felt that way?
I've never felt that way.
- I think you have.
- You sound like you've seen me.
Guides know a lot of things
without seeing.
You missed everything because you were
on the phone. I'll show you around.
Sure.
I should have buried you
in a place like this.
In a pretty place.
Why did you commit suicide?
You painted so beautifully.
[DF Ver] E03 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
Mister, can't you hurry up?
Mister?
Let's come back.
Gosh, is he writing a novel?
- What are you going to write?
- I'm going to ask for a raise.
Hey, you should write that
on the company's bulletin board.
I'll get in trouble if I do that.
What are you going to write?
Me? I'm going to ask for an investment.
Then I could spread my wings and fly.
If you keep wishing that,
you might just become a bird.
I'll know in two to three days. I went
to the same college with the investor
and he was my high school senior, too.
Is he trustworthy?
Yeah, of course. We're like brothers.
He said he'll take responsibility
for everything. Don't worry.
Would you like to lead the
entire project after your renewal?
Me?
No way...
Really?
Do you remember what I said
about your designs when I got here?
Yes, you said they were mannerless.
If you stay in this field, you develop
habits. But I liked that you didn't.
But what if I do the whole thing
by myself and ruin it?
I'll take responsibility for it.
Don't worry.
Then, should I come up
with a draft of the concept first?
I saw your vacation request.
Are you going somewhere?
- Yes, France.
- You're going on vacation.
Who are you going with?
Yeah, I hope it all works out.
Gosh, seriously. He's too much.
He's writing a long novel.
Vincent's younger brother
was Theodore van Gogh.
They wrote each other often.
The older brother wrote that
he was tired and needed strength.
And the younger brother cheered him up
and told him he was doing a good job.
Van Gogh was only able to sell
one painting while he was alive.
He was a poor painter, but his brother
believed in him until the end.
Did he really believe in him,
or did he just give him courage?
I'm not sure, but I think
he really believed in him.
He might have really
believed in his skills
or maybe he kept believing
because he started already.
Can you... believe in me until the end?
Fine, I'll believe in you until the end.
No one will believe in you until the end.
I think it's possible.
- Really?
- I have someone.
I'm jealous.
It's a burden to live with
someone else's trust on my shoulders.
Shall we write our wishes
in the notebook in the church?
Will our wishes really come true?
That church is rumored
to be very powerful.
Where do they go?
At times, people think this way.
That they went somewhere nice.
But... where is that place?
Where... does everyone go?
We don't even know where we'll go in life
so how would we know
where we go after we die?
We all live without knowing anything
and die without knowing anything.
Mont Saint-Michel was the first UNESCO
World Heritage Site of France.
It looks like a castle,
but it's a monastery.
Pilgrims of the middle ages
called it a place of the angels.
And Victor Hugo, who wrote Les Misérables
expressed it as a pyramid of the ocean,
like the ones in Egypt.
Yes, San Ma Ru.
The monastery looks close, but it's
one hour away, so please stay here.
After dinner, get some rest
and gather here at 8 a.m.
- Are we eating French for dinner?
- No.
Since we came a long way,
we're eating Italian food today.
Same thing.
- Is there a Korean restaurant?
- No.
- Anywhere nearby?
- Stop it. She said there isn't.
People need to eat rice.
We keep eating tasteless food.
Let's go. What time is dinner?
- Let's meet at 8 p.m.
- Yes, let's go.
I'll see you at 8 p.m.
Bis Sis! Hot water here!
One moment.
(In French)
What's wrong with her?
A customer called her.
You can't do that.
Then should I call her a waiter?
- Waitress.
- You're not supposed to call her.
If you pick and put your menu down,
they'll come here themselves.
And when you enter,
you must sit where they direct you.
I can sit anywhere I want!
The customer is the king.
Among the perceptions
that you mustn't have in France
"The customer is the king"
is one of them.
It's not a joke.
France killed their king.
- Who killed the king?
- The citizens.
They were all traitors!
- Ask for hot water.
- You can't eat that at a restaurant.
- Who said that?
- Isn't it basic manners?
Since when was ramen a mannerless food?
I've seen many Koreans eating ramen at
hotel breakfasts and famous restaurants
but they don't like it.
Their customers may dislike
the smell of ramen
and it's not respectful
to the restaurant either.
You're right. It's similar to
if a customer came to my restaurant
and ordered black bean noodles.
Then you should have told me earlier.
Fine, this will be the last time.
- Please stop.
- I need soup to eat food!
- Ask for hot water!
- He's too much.
- Why do you keep doing this?
- Ask for hot water.
- This is the last time.
- Father...
- Ask them for hot water!
- Just today.
Honey. Honey.
All my life, I worried about
what my husband thought
and worried about what other people
thought because of my husband.
"All the other couples
are living happily. Why me?"
"It's not going to get better,
so I'll just die."
Is that how you feel?
You could be a fortune teller.
Aren't you going to sleep?
I will.
Go to bed early.
Should we sell our restaurant?
We'll only get 50 to 60 million from our
security deposit. Can we retire on that?
We can just sell everything and have fun.
It's nice traveling around.
Go to bed.
Isn't it nice?
- Go to bed.
- Why? You don't like it?
I told you to go to bed.
- Yeah.
- It's me.
I know.
- Did you arrive at Mont Saint-Michel?
- Yeah.
You're really mad, aren't you?
What do you want to say?
Come back to work.
Come back, hand in the file,
and beg for forgiveness.
I did nothing wrong.
Can't you just take my side?
Taking your side won't solve anything.
You're being negligent by
being absent without notice.
Hand in the file, come back
to work, and apologize.
You know how scary companies are.
Is that why you didn't come?
Were you scared?
- Don't speak that way.
- You said you'd trust me until the end.
Was I wrong for not going on
vacation with you?
- Yeah.
- Did I betray you?
You did.
Are you stupid?
Would anyone take your side here?
I'm the only one who can protect you.
Why don't you realize that?
Just stop it and come back.
Go back where? To you?
- Or to the company?
- Both.
You're a courageous person. I know that.
You need courage to change the world,
but you need courage to maintain it.
Let's be more wise, okay?
Let's resolve this issue
and go on an year-end vacation.
For Christmas.
I'll be waiting. Hurry back.
Can you answer me, Ma Ru?
I got it. I'll check if there's
a flight for tomorrow.
Thank you. I'm hanging up now.
I love you.
I printed it because I was suspicious.
The company is doing weird things.
You know the medicine
we donated to Africa?
I checked it again because
the inventory numbers were off.
It's not normal medicine,
but new medicine still in development.
How could they donate medicine
that is still in development?
How did you find these?
I entered the server
with the head chief's ID.
- Why did you use his ID?
- He asked the chief to do something
but he handed it over to me.
- He gave me his ID and password.
- I'm going crazy.
- Pretend you don't know.
- How could I do that?
This... is pharmaceutical testing.
You can't butt into this.
You might be the only one to get hurt.
I was the one who led the
medicine donation project.
- You didn't know.
- If I knew, I'd be a bad person.
And if I didn't know,
that'd make me a pitiful and bad person.
I need to tell the head chief
and hear the company's side.
Where's the original file?
I thought you quit smoking.
I started again because of you.
Oh my, what did I do?
Did you call him?
Yes, he's coming back tomorrow.
- Where did he put the file?
- I'm sure he deleted it.
It wasn't on his computer.
Deputy Oh, you're the ace
of this company.
Pay attention to what side
you should be on.
Companies last longer than human beings.
We need to find the file
and shut Ma Ru's mouth.
If we find the file and stay quiet...
will Ma Ru be okay?
He already committed
too many sins.
He can't be saved.
These are diaries.
I'll give them to you as a gift.
- Who is it?
- It's your guide.
- You weren't sleeping, were you?
- I wasn't.
Come in. I'll make you some coffee.
That's okay. Guides don't
enter the travelers' rooms.
If you're not tired, would you
like to go to Mont Saint-Michel?
- Right now?
- Yes.
- Just the two of us?
Why?
It's really nice at night
because there are no people.
If you're not tired, would you
like to go to Mont Saint-Michel?
- Right now?
- Yes.
- Just the two of us?
Why?
It's really nice at night
because there are no people.
I charge an additional
30 euros for night tours.
- I'm not going.
- Okay, then get some rest.
Thank you and sorry for today.
I'll make it up to you with
a free night tour of Mont Saint-Michel.
You'll be able to see
beautiful courage given by belief.
"You'll be able to see
beautiful courage given by belief."
- I'm going to study abroad.
- Are you crazy?
You're not studying abroad!
You're running off with a guy!
I can get my PhD.
I'll come back to be a professor.
Why would anyone in your field
get their PhD in France?
Was this that punk's idea? Did he
convince you? Tell him to come here!
Why do you keep calling him a punk?
If he called you a wench
- would you be happy?
- You've gone insane.
You need a beating.
Where's the cane? Where is it?
So So, you're 31 years old.
- I know. I'm grown up now.
- You're still young.
Grandma says you're young too.
Then who's an adult in this world?
Honey, bring over
a bigger stick than a cane!
- Wait!
- Do what you want!
- I'm going no matter what.
- Yoon So So!
I'm not deaf!
If you're anxious,
I can get married first.
You're seriously! Geez... Geez...
What?
Stop acting. You're being immature.
Is a man more important than your family?
He's my family too.
If I think, "I'd better die..."
I can only think of my faults.
"Why did I do that?"
"I shouldn't have."
I regret the fact that I have regrets.
Don't put everything
on the line for a man.
That's the worst thing
you can do as a woman.
Dad.
Daughter, don't run away because
we won't send you abroad to study.
Gosh, I won't cry anymore.
Crying won't change anything.
You're right. Life is too short,
even if we laugh for all of it.
Of course.
How we live is important,
but how we die is important too.
The hospital told you you have
seven to eight months to live, right?
At the longest. But it can be short as...
five to six months.
The cancer spread all over,
so they can't operate.
Did you tell your husband?
He doesn't know anything.
Gosh, I don't want to tell him either.
- You should.
- I don't want to be bothered.
He'll tell me what to do.
I couldn't live the way I wanted
so I won't be able to die
the way I want either.
You still need to tell him.
We don't go through death alone.
That man... will get angry
that I'm going to die.
He'll ask me why
I went off and got cancer.
He gets angry
when he doesn't like something.
Gosh, if I'm going to die,
I might as well die early.
You can speak to me comfortably.
Yes, I did.
I mean, you should be honest.
I was being honest, though.
Mister, can't you hurry up?
Mister?
I...
want to live.
I really want to live.
Beautifully, for a long time.
Without being sick.
[Honey, don't be sick, and live long...]
I said I wanted to live longer.
I asked them to save me.
But the doctor said he can't.
I was so scared...
I couldn't tell anyone. I was too scared.
Why are you eating candy
instead of sleeping?
Your teeth will rot!
You always make noise at night.
This woman.
That's business. That wasn't
our first rude customer.
Why are you crying
because of those drunk people?
I told you not to cry!
Geez.
- It's a snake!
- Where? Where? Where?
Don't cry. If you cry at night,
a snake will come out.
Hurry up.
That's right.
I liked that part about him.
When I cried, he said this.
"Don't cry."
"If you cry at night,
a snake will come out."
Subtitles by DramaFever
[The Package]
I'm here. Did you cry your heart out?
I need to know if
she's smiling or crying.
I need to see that before I go.
It must be your fate.
You'll find him under an angel's feet...
An angel's feet...
You'll meet your true love.
I don't know where it is.
How can I meet him?
This person will open up the path
to the angel's feet.
It's up there. Mont Saint-Michel.